Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is a quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.';;Mary Anne Radmacher
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then is not an act, but a habit.;;Aristotle
Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful.;;Annette Funicello
Life is a lot like jazz... it's best when you improvise.;;George Gershwin
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.;;Will Smith
When life hands you a difficult situation where you feel undervalued and disrespected, be bold and brave enough to know your worth.;;Yai Vargas
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.;;Zora Neale Hurston
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?';;Martin Luther King, Jr.
You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.;;C.S. Lewis
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.;;Mark Twain
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.;;Dalai Lama
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.;;Albert Einstein
Only those who attempt the absurd... will achieve the impossible.;;M.C. Escher
I am always doing what I can't do yet in order to learn how to do it.;;Vincent Van Gogh
Everything you've ever wanted sits on the other side of fear.;;George Adair
Inducing flow is about the balance between the level of skill and the size of the challenge at hand;;Nakamura et al., 2009
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.;;Bertrand Russell
Done is better than perfect;;anon
You need to dream big, think small and act even smaller.;;Michael Gerber
There is no favourable wind for the sailor who doesn't know where to go. ;;Seneca
Position, formation, or situation is more important than the total number or power of pieces. In other words, how you come at something is more important than what you've got. Sometimes, it's worth sacrificing a piece or two to manoeuvre into a stronger position.;;Neel Burton [chess reference]
Ideas come to us as the successors to grief and griefs, at the moment when they change into ideas, lose some of their power to injure the heart; the transformation itself, even for an instant, releases suddenly a little joy.;;Marcel Proust
It's never too late to be what you might have been.;;George Eliot
Discipline is doing what you hate to do, but doing it like you love it;;Mike Tyson
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do;;Henry Ford
Success is created in the moment;;The 12 Week Year
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.;;Winston Churchill
You've survived 100 percent of everything in your life so far, so there's a pretty good chance that you'll survive whatever is next.;;Timber Hawkeye
The magic you are looking for in life is the work you are avoiding;;anon
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory;;Fredrick Engels
You can edit bad writing. You can't edit an empty page.;;anon
Do something every day which will make future you happy you did it;;anon
You cannot hate yourself happy;;anon
Our happiness is often determined less by our present state than by whether we expect our lives to get better or deteriorate.;;anon
It always seems impossible until it's done.;;Nelson Mandela
Anything worth doing, is worth doing half-assed.;;anon
The cost of procrastination is the life you could have lived.;;anon
Inspiration is a guest that does not willingly visit the lazy.;;Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
The most common state for a programmer is a sense of inadequacy. As a programmer, there is a limitless amount of stuff to learn. You can become a specialist in one language or framework, but if your job is to build things efficiently, you will constantly need to be learning new tools and constantly feel out of your depth. It helps to be mentally prepared for feeling stupid.;;Kate Ray
Not wanting something is just as good as having it;;Andrei Jikh
Talk is cheap. Show me the code;;Linus Torvalds
